terrain DoomWater
{
	splash			DoomWater
	footclip		18
	liquid
	friction 		0.88
}

terrain DoomSludge
{
	splash			DoomSludge
	footclip		12
	liquid
}

terrain DoomLava
{
	splash			DoomLava
	footclip		4
	liquid
}

terrain DoomBlood
{
	splash			DoomBlood
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain DoomSlime
{
	splash			DoomSlime
	footclip		12
	liquid
}

terrain DoomMud
{
	splash			DoomMud
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

//water
floor optional fwater1 DoomWater
floor optional fwater2 DoomWater
floor optional fwater3 DoomWater
floor optional fwater4 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER10 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER11 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER12 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER13 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER14 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER15 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER16 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER17 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER20 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER21 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER22 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER23 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER24 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER25 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER26 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER27 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER30 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER31 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER32 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER33 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER34 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER35 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER36 DoomWater
floor optional FWATER37 DoomWater

//lava
floor optional lava1 DoomLava
floor optional lava2 DoomLava
floor optional lava3 DoomLava
floor optional lava4 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA10 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA11 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA12 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA13 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA14 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA15 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA16 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA17 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA20 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA21 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA22 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA23 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA24 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA25 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA26 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA27 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA30 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA31 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA32 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA33 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA34 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA35 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA36 DoomLava
floor optional LAVA37 DoomLava

//blood
floor optional blood1 DoomBlood
floor optional blood2 DoomBlood
floor optional blood3 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD10 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD11 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD12 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD13 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD14 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD15 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD16 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD17 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD20 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD21 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD22 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD23 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD24 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD25 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD26 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD27 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD30 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD31 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD32 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD33 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD34 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD35 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD36 DoomBlood
floor optional BLOOD37 DoomBlood

//slime
floor optional nukage1 DoomSlime
floor optional nukage2 DoomSlime
floor optional nukage3 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE10 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE11 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE12 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE13 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE14 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE15 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE16 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE17 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE20 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE21 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE22 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE23 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE24 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE25 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE26 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE27 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE30 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE31 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE32 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE33 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE34 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE35 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE36 DoomSlime
floor optional NUKAGE37 DoomSlime

//muddy sludge
floor optional slime01 DoomMud
floor optional slime02 DoomMud
floor optional slime03 DoomMud
floor optional slime04 DoomMud
floor optional MUD110 DoomMud
floor optional MUD111 DoomMud
floor optional MUD112 DoomMud
floor optional MUD113 DoomMud
floor optional MUD114 DoomMud
floor optional MUD115 DoomMud
floor optional MUD116 DoomMud
floor optional MUD117 DoomMud
floor optional MUD120 DoomMud
floor optional MUD121 DoomMud
floor optional MUD122 DoomMud
floor optional MUD123 DoomMud
floor optional MUD124 DoomMud
floor optional MUD125 DoomMud
floor optional MUD126 DoomMud
floor optional MUD127 DoomMud
floor optional MUD130 DoomMud
floor optional MUD131 DoomMud
floor optional MUD132 DoomMud
floor optional MUD133 DoomMud
floor optional MUD134 DoomMud
floor optional MUD135 DoomMud
floor optional MUD136 DoomMud
floor optional MUD137 DoomMud

floor optional slime05 DoomMud
floor optional slime06 DoomMud
floor optional slime07 DoomMud
floor optional slime08 DoomMud
floor optional MUD210 DoomMud
floor optional MUD211 DoomMud
floor optional MUD212 DoomMud
floor optional MUD213 DoomMud
floor optional MUD214 DoomMud
floor optional MUD215 DoomMud
floor optional MUD216 DoomMud
floor optional MUD217 DoomMud
floor optional MUD220 DoomMud
floor optional MUD221 DoomMud
floor optional MUD222 DoomMud
floor optional MUD223 DoomMud
floor optional MUD224 DoomMud
floor optional MUD225 DoomMud
floor optional MUD226 DoomMud
floor optional MUD227 DoomMud
floor optional MUD230 DoomMud
floor optional MUD231 DoomMud
floor optional MUD232 DoomMud
floor optional MUD233 DoomMud
floor optional MUD234 DoomMud
floor optional MUD235 DoomMud
floor optional MUD236 DoomMud
floor optional MUD237 DoomMud